Every time you have to speak, you are auditioning for leadership. James Humes
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. Woodrow Wilson
A good leader leads the people from above them. A great leader leads the people from within them.M. D. Arnold
Don't follow the crowd, let the crowd follow you. Margaret Thatcher
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be. Kurt Vonnegut
Leadership is the art of giving people a platform for spreading ideas that work. Seth Godin
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things. Ronald Reagan
To add value to others, one must first value others. John Maxwell
A true leader has the confidence to stand alone, the courage to make tough decisions, and the compassion to listen to the needs of others. He does not set out to be a leader, but becomes one by the equality of his actions and the integrity of his intent. Douglas MacArthur
The task of the leader is to get their people from where they are to where they have not been. Henry Kissinger
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them become what they are capable of being. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people. Mahatma Gandhi
There are no office hours for leaders. Cardinal J. Gibbons
When people talk, listen completely. Ernest Hemingway
I can give you a six-word formula for success: Think things through, then follow through. Edward Rickenbacker
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency. Arnold Glasow
The important thing is this: to be able to give up in any given moment all that we are for what we can become. DeSeaux
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves. Ray Kroc
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you'll be criticized anyway. Eleanor Roosevelt
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure, which is: Try to please everybody. Herbert Swope
True leadership lies in guiding others to success, in ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well. Bill Owens
Becoming a leader is synonymous with becoming yourself. It is precisely that simple and it is also that difficult. Warren Bennis
Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it. David Star Jordan
Control is not leadership; management is not leadership; leadership is leadership. If you seek to lead, invest at least 50 percent of your time in leading yourself, your own purpose, ethics, principles, motivation, conduct. Invest at least 20 percent leading those with authority over you and 15 percent leading your peers. Dee Hock
Leaders don't inflict pain, they share pain. Max Depree
Wise leaders generally have wise counselors because it takes a wise person themselves to distinguish them. Diogenes of Sinope
The growth and development of people is the highest calling of leadership. Harvey S. Firestone
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right thing. Peter F. Drucker
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. Ralph Nader
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality. Warren G. Bennis
There exist limitless opportunities in every industry. Where there is an open mind, there will always be a frontier. Charles F. Kettering
A leader is a person you will follow to a place you would not go by yourself. Joel Barker
A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit. Arnold Glasow
Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results, not attributes. Peter F. Drucker
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. John Maxwell
Leaders think and talk about the solutions. Followers think and talk about the problems. Brian Tracy
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
The things we fear most in organizations (fluctuations, disturbances, imbalances) are the primary sources of creativity. Margaret Wheatley
A leader is best when people barely know he exists. When his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves. Lao Tzu
A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don't necessarily want to go, but ought to be. Rosalynn Carter
The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes. Tony Blair
The price of greatness is responsibility. Winston Churchill
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus. Martin Luther King Jr.
Today a reader, tomorrow a leader. Margaret Fuller
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, concerned citizens can change the world. Indeed it is the only thing that ever has. Margaret Mead
The highest of distinctions is service to others. King George VI
If you're not sure where you are going, you're liable to end up someplace else. Robert F. Mager
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm. Publilius Syrus
Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily, even if you had no title or position. Brian Tracy
You manage things; you lead people. Grace Murray Hopper
A great person attracts great people and knows how to hold them together. Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Leadership is not about titles, positions, or flowcharts. It is about one life influencing another. John C. Maxwell
People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision. John C. Maxwell
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others. Jack Welch
Leadership is lifting a person's vision to high sights, the raising of a person's performance to a higher standard, the building of a personality beyond its normal limitations. Peter F. Drucker
Doing what is right isn't the problem. It is knowing what is right. Lyndon B Johnson
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Winston Churchill
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Harold R. McAlindon
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others. Robert Louis Stevenson
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. Edith Wharton
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. William Arthur Ward
Leaders aren't born, they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.Vince Lombardi
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself, or to get all the credit for doing it. Andrew Carnegie
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You must do the thing you think you cannot do. Eleanor Roosevelt
You take people as far as they will go, not as far as you would like them to go. Jeanette Rankin
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. John F. Kennedy
The role of leadership is to transform the complex situation into small pieces and prioritize them. Carlos Ghosn
Real leadership is leaders recognizing that they serve the people that they lead. Pete Hoekstra
Average leaders raise the bar on themselves; good leaders raise the bar for others; great leaders inspire others to raise their own bar. Orrin Woodward
To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult. Friedrich Nietzsche
Ninety percent of leadership is the ability to communicate something people want.Dianne Feinstein
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out. Stephen Covey
All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership. John Kenneth Galbraith
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there. John Buchan
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate, and doubt to offer a solution everybody can understand. Colin Powell
A leader is not an administrator who loves to run others, but someone who carries water for his people so that they can get on with their jobs. Robert Townsend
Leadership cannot really be taught. It can only be learned. Harold Geneen
Look over your shoulder now and then to be sure someone's following you. Henry Gilmer
Leadership is not magnetic personality, that can just as well be a glib tongue. It is not 'making friends and influencing people,' that is flattery. Leadership is lifting a person's vision to higher sights, the raising of a person's performance to a higher standard, the building of a personality beyond its normal limitations. Peter F. Drucker
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. Steve Jobs
Great leaders are not defined by the absence of weakness, but rather by the presence of clear strengths. John Zenger
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. John D. Rockefeller
Leadership is unlocking people's potential to become better. Bill Bradley
The greatest leaders mobilize others by coalescing people around a shared vision. Ken Blanchard
The supreme quality of leadership is integrity. Dwight D. Eisenhower
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. Ralph Nader
Earn your leadership every day. Michael Jordan
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. Bill Gates
You cannot be a leader, and ask other people to follow you, unless you know how to follow, too. Sam Rayburn
Those who let things happen usually lose to those who make things happen. Dave Weinbaum
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart. Eleanor Roosevelt
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.Abraham Lincoln
Leadership is an ever-evolving position. Mike Krzyzewski
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for. Nancy D. Solomon
Leadership is an action, not a position. Donald McGannon
Don't tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results. George S. Patton Jr.
Whatever you are, be a good one. Abraham Lincoln
A leader is one who sees more than others see, who sees farther than others see, and who sees before others see. Leroy Eimes
The most effective way to lead is to lead from within. (could not help myself) Lolly Daskal