Research is formalized curiosity. It is poking and prying with a purpose. Zora Neale Hurston
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths. Walt Disney
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. Albert Einstein
A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots. Marcus Garvey
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. Confucius
History never really says goodbye. History says, 'See you later.' Eduardo Galeano
We are not makers of history. We are made by history. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. Buddha
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters. Albert Einstein
Education is not just about going to school and getting a degree. It's about widening your knowledge and absorbing the truth about life. Shakuntala Devi
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. Helen Keller
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. Albert Einstein
The Universe is under no obligation to make sense to you. Neil deGrasse Tyson
There is always space for improvement, no matter how long you've been in the business. Oscar De La Hoya
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow. Edward Teller
The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge. Thomas Berger
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking. Albert Einstein
Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don't know. Bertrand Russell
Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. Edsger Dijkstra
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science. Albert Einstein
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. Bruce Feirstein
Without mathematics, there's nothing you can do. Everything around you is mathematics. Everything around you is numbers. Shakuntala Devi
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers. Plato
Age and size are only numbers. It's the attitude you bring to clothes that make the difference. Donna Karan
God may not play dice with the universe, but something strange is going on with the prime numbers. Paul Erdos
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. Albert Einstein
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. Albert Einstein
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. Albert Einstein
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters. Albert Einstein
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. Albert Einstein
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. Albert Einstein
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. Albert Einstein
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. Albert Einstein
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. Albert Einstein
Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking. Albert Einstein
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. Albert Einstein
The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax. Albert Einstein
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them. Albert Einstein
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. Albert Einstein
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. Abraham Lincoln
I am a slow walker, but I never walk back. Abraham Lincoln
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. Abraham Lincoln
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. Aristotle
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. Aristotle
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous. Aristotle
There is no great genius without some touch of madness. Aristotle
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. Benjamin Franklin
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning. Benjamin Franklin
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid. Benjamin Franklin
It takes many good deeds to build a good reputation, and only one bad one to lose it. Benjamin Franklin
To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions. Benjamin Franklin
Life's tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late. Benjamin Franklin
Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve. J. K. Rowling
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction. John F. Kennedy
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds. John F. Kennedy
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining. John F. Kennedy
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. John F. Kennedy
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. Carol Burnett
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. George Sand
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart. Charles Dickens
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. Satchel Paige
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. Jim Rohn
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks. John Muir
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. Nelson Mandela
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. Lao Tzu
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life. Immanuel Kant
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking. H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life. Elizabeth Kenny
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you. John Wooden
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance. George Bernard Shaw
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you. Aldous Huxley
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. Will Rogers
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. Epictetus
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. Leo Tolstoy
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. Donald Trump
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war. Napoleon Bonaparte
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. Henry Ford
Character is higher than intellect. A great soul will be strong to live as well as think. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm not the smartest fellow in the world, but I can sure pick smart colleagues. Franklin D. Roosevelt
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. Tony Robbins
Intelligence is the wife, imagination is the mistress, memory is the servant. Victor Hugo
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. Simone de Beauvoir
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
Education is the foundation upon which we build our future. Christine Gregoire
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. Eleanor Roosevelt
Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health. Dalai Lama
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. Mother Teresa
There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast. Charles Dickens
The world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong. Swami Vivekananda
Shallow men believe in luck. Strong men believe in cause and effect. Ralph Waldo Emerson
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes. Benjamin Franklin
I believe that through knowledge and discipline, financial peace is possible for all of us. Dave Ramsey
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life. Suze Orman
There are two great days in a person's life - the day we are born and the day we discover why. William Barclay
Great things in business are never done by one person. They're done by a team of people. Steve Jobs
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. Eleanor Roosevelt
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. Jim Carrey
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb. Nelson Mandela
I surround myself with good people who make me feel great and give me positive energy. Ali Krieger
An animal's eyes have the power to speak a great language. Martin Buber
The difference between something good and something great is attention to detail. Charles R. Swindoll
A day without laughter is a day wasted. Charlie Chaplin
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time. Steven Wright
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere. Dr. Seuss
Celebrate your successes. Find some humor in your failures. Sam Walton
If I had no sense of humor, I would long ago have committed suicide. Mahatma Gandhi
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect. Bruce Lee
